I bought this during the offer time. The installation service was excellent. Don't expect excellent quality viewing. Worth for the money we pay and does it's job wellRead more
Picture quality is too good for a kid room size. Received installation also with in 48 hours. Quality of the product is nice.Read more
Picture quality,sound quality are excellent.Number 1product in this price range.Read more
Tv stand not given in the tv box. Add this and supply.Read more
NOTE: TV TABLE STAND IS NOT PROVIDED IN THE BOX. No Bluetooth support. Only wifi 2.4ghz is supported, no 5ghz wifi support. PICTURE & AUDIO quality is SUPERB.  Supports dolby and hdr.Buy this Only if u want reliability (samsung displays are very reliable and last long unlike cheap counterparts) , good picture and audio quality.Bought the bezel less 2022 variant for 14,990 rupees.Samsung is a reliable brand. Picture & quality is good. Although it's not a full hd 1080p display, at 32 inches its not apparent.User interface is okay. Netflix app works smooth but prime video app is laggy. Tizen os is fine. So no google play store. Doesn't support chromecast, only supports Mira cast which is a different casting protocol.Feature wise tizen os is bare minimum. But you can easily buy an android tv box to get google play functionality if u want to run android apps.Brands like tcl, ifalconn, redmi offer more features because they run google tv\ android tv but their hardware is not reliable.This samsung 32inches tv is great deal if u buy at 14k inr. Great picture clarity. Good sound quality.  HDR works good. Samsung has great after sales customer service. So if u want good quality and reliable TV and don't care too much about having android tv os, go for this. It's a great product.Read more
The media could not be loaded.Amazing tv using since 1 month.picture quality and sound is good. I buy in Durga Puja festival at low discount..so giyes don't waste time and go for purchase it.installation is on time Wall Mount given free by installation team. Thank u AmezonRead more
Nice product, as always given satisfied by the brand. Recommended for purchase.Read more
Good productRead more
The Phone works as expected!It works smooth, Battery last for approximate 1.5 days.The Camera quality is OKIf you want to buy this for your Parents, this is good to go phone where they use is for more social media and general use rather than camera and video recording purpose.
One of the best phones in terms of costs . Looks sleek and smart. Camera is okayish.
Very good phone in this budget.
It's performance is so better eat brightness is brighter it's touch functionality is so better it is user friendly battery is when I keep for 1 hour it is working 43 hours if you buy this phone it's better go ahead and  buy I have a idea the gaming level is better
Average Product, Not value for money, Charging speed is good, But discharging speed is worse. Camera quality is average. User friendly and Display quality is also good and tough.
Its a good product price and storage wise.But process is bit slow and lags sometime while using for long time.
Cheap and best
Really happy with the product. Looks wise awesome and sleek design makes it very appealing. Overall good quality at the given price. However I had Redmi note 7 earlier at the same price, but its camera quality was better than this one. Sound quality is good, but sound is bit low for calls. Battery life is the best thing that you can vouch for. Overall good performance and durability. You can say value for the money product
Okey if company can make 5.5 size then it is more beautiful
good product at economic price.Look wise design wise it's really good... You tubes k video me bolume bahot kam hai is handset me, notes likhte waqt cursor kabi bhi last row se first row me chala jata hai, isse baar baar wrong edit nd delete ho jata hai it's very annoying.Charging speed is goodUser friendly ko 4 starNo heating issue
Value for money
GoodReview after 4 months of use. Everything is good for the price and overall quality is great for light users. Not for someone who wants High spec or FAST performance. UI can be a bit laggy sometime though not to worry if you don't use background running apps.Screen brightness and quality is alright, not on par with the amoled displays though quite vibrant to make up for it.I bought it for my Dad and he is quite happy with it. I'd recommend you to only buy this for lightest of use. Means NO HEAVY GAMING.
GoodThis is my third purchase of Redmi phone.  I prefer redmi phone as a value for money product . So itself my  i dont have any high expectation . So itself no disappointment in my previous phones. But this time, The battery life is very low. The previous phone which i gave as a buy back option , gave me more than two days back up till the last day of returning. where else this new phone is giving on one and half day life.Also this phone comes with a lot of apps , which is not at all needed to use the phone . This might be one reason for less battery life.  You tube app and many such tools are intalled as system app , and we cant  uninstall them. Lot of un necessary apps in phone , which we dont want , and this makes phone slow  and less bettery life. Look and feel  of phone is  good. Camera is also good. In previous redmi phones also camera was good . But after few months , the quality goes down. Dont know whether this will  happen in this one also .  Generally not able to whole heartedly recommend this phone ,
GoodGoodGood product for this price range
Very nice product
NicenessA good budget smartphone for the price range
Value for money products. Hand friendly. Camera is okk. Battery is ok. Hangs little bit..
Value for money
Very nice.Value for money.good performance.
Overall good phone
LikeGood looking phone and phone size too nice.If any have minimum budget then it valuable.It value for money and is suggest that please purchase if u have low budget and just u want that screen touch phone.Speed good sound quality also good camera good
Redmi reduced the earphone \Volume (when connecting a earphone the volume is comparatively lower than Redmi 6). I don't know all the latest models comes with this much sound only. Need to check that before buy.
Value for money
Display quality
People think that they pay more and get good phone but I just tell you pay less and get all same features as premium phones. Now a days mobile companies has nothing to upgrade thay are playing game to change ram rom camera display.Now let's talk about this phone.1.Xioami always does his best customization I can easily cutomize everything without downloading any third party app.2. No heating in this phone. As earier redmi phones were heating so much but this time they have controlled it3. Battery :battery: is an always issue with mi phones draaining faster. Teasting this new phone all day used the runtime is 2 days to 100 to 0 %So if you are looking for budget phone they buy it. Or you have so much money to spend on phone then go to premium foldable phones
Good.GoodLooks really good. Connectivity is also good.but due to offer time purchase, some of the items not included . No screen guard, No transparent mobile cover.
The Redmi 13C is a budget-friendly smartphone that aims to offer a good balance of features for its price. It comes with a large, vibrant display that is great for media consumption and casual gaming. The design is sleek, with a modern aesthetic that feels more premium than its price might suggest.In terms of performance, the Redmi 13C is equipped with a capable processor that handles everyday tasks smoothly, though it might struggle with more intensive applications. The camera setup delivers decent photos in well-lit conditions but can be inconsistent in low light. Battery life is one of its strong points, typically lasting through a full day of moderate use.Overall, the Redmi 13C provides good value for its cost, making it a solid choice for users who need a reliable phone without breaking the bank.
GoodGoodPhone is hot any time
Nice working in budgetAccording to price product is good
Works well for the price. No issues so far. It is not 5G
Ek dum mast h thanks amazon
The camera quality must have been better else the phone is good.
GoodAffordable price
good for connecting
Good brand at Good functions
Although it is 4G, overall phone is good in all aspects.
GoodValue for money
It's coolI gift this Phone to My Grand Pa!! And they should add less add in MIUI.This phone connect me to umm...Any persona in This WORLD So I brushed up the UI for a Bit sry MI Company.Your Phone is so Hazedorus for students like me.I just Passed Class 12th Previous Year.So please Keep your Suck Head Add off my PH:monocle_face:NEZZZ.
We have been ordering a lot of things from Amazon for the last several years and have never had any complaint and this product is very good.
In this budget this mobile performance is very good, there display works very good but I'm this budget company cannot provide fast charging support
I like and enjoy the product ram and rom is good but processor in not higher speed
GoodNow I'm using this mobile for last 8 months, and it is performing well for me.
Cost effective item within the range, configuration is good
GoodValue for money
It's coolI gift this Phone to My Grand Pa!! And they should add less add in MIUI.This phone connect me to umm...Any persona in This WORLD So I brushed up the UI for a Bit sry MI Company.Your Phone is so Hazedorus for students like me.I just Passed Class 12th Previous Year.So please Keep your Suck Head Add off my PH:monocle_face:NEZZZ.
We have been ordering a lot of things from Amazon for the last several years and have never had any complaint and this product is very good.
In this budget this mobile performance is very good, there display works very good but I'm this budget company cannot provide fast charging support
I like and enjoy the product ram and rom is good but processor in not higher speed
GoodNow I'm using this mobile for last 8 months, and it is performing well for me.
Cost effective item within the range, configuration is good
