A good budget smartphone for the price range
Redmi reduced the earphone \Volume (when connecting a earphone the volume is comparatively lower than Redmi 6). I don't know all the latest models comes with this much sound only. Need to check that before buy.
Good looking phone and phone size too nice.If any have minimum budget then it valuable.It value for money and is suggest that please purchase if u have low budget and just u want that screen touch phone.Speed good sound quality also good camera good
Nice working in budget
According to price product is good
Works well for the price. No issues so far. It is not 5G
Cost effective item within the range, configuration is good
This price good phone.
Good battery
आज 8.7.2024 को मैंने यह फोन लिया था इसको चला कर देखूंगा कैसा है फिर अच्छे से रिव्यू करूंगा लेकिन मुझे एक कमी लगी वह यह है अमेजॉन पैकिंग की इसकी सील टूटी हुई मिली मुझे और जो डिब्बे के अंदर पेपर होते हैं वह भी नहीं मिले हल्का सा साइड में चोट का निशान भी है स्क्रीन के बराबर में देखता हूं इसका बैटरी बैकअप कैसा है कैमरा कैसा है हिटिंग प्रॉब्लम कैसी है दोबारा से रिव्यू एडिट करुंगा मैं यह जो 3 स्टार रेटिंग दे रहा हूं यह पैकिंग के लिए है और होलसेलर के लिए है मुझे नहीं पता मेरे डब्बे के अंदर कागज क्यों नहीं है यह होलसेलर की लापरवाही है या रास्ते में बदल दिए गए हैं  प्रॉब्लम तो अमेजॉन ही दिखेगा आज 12 तारीख है दोस्तों आज मैं दोबारा से रिव्यू कर रहा हूं इस फोन की बैटरी बहुत बेकार है इस फोन की बैटरी रखे रखे बगैर इस्तेमाल किया ही सुबह से शाम तक 30% खत्म हो गई अभी तो लिए इसको चार दिन ही हुए हैं अभी से यह हाल है तो आगे क्या होगा मुझे कुछ समझ में नहीं आ रहा है बैटरी के मामले में मुझे वीवो के फोन अच्छे लगते हैं यह फोन सस्ता मिल रहा था इसलिए मैंने इसको खरीद लिया चलो ठीक है 2 साल चला के इसको फिर से बेच देंगे दोस्तों आज 18 तारीख है आज मैं एक प्रॉब्लम फेस कर रहा हूं वह है इसके हैंग होने की यह फोन इतना ज्यादा हैंग हो रहा है मुझे समझ में नहीं आ रहा है मैं क्या करूं दोस्तों मैं तो यह सलाह दूंगा कि यह फोन बिल्कुल भी मत लेना मैं तो इस को लेकर अभी से परेशान हूं अभी मुझे एक महीना भी नहीं हुआ है और यह इतना ज्यादा हैंग हो रहा है
Good product
Good quality
Nice handset
Good
All same like pocco C65, Only difference in dual space Already available in MI and In pocco we have to create it User.
Nice moblie
Verry nice
Good mobile fone at thi price range nice camera  storage
Phone ho to aisa. Everything is Nice. I love it.
Good for this price range
Super quality mobile nice experience
The phone doesn't come with fast charging, you get 18w charging, screen and touch are responsive. The touch response is slower than a Realme Gt Neo 3T. Too much of bloatware. 128GB for 7700 is it's USP.
Best in this price segment
Worth for money
Nice
Nice product
No split screen supported.System apps update only on settings.Play Store me sab app ka update chahiye tha.18 watt charger de dete ,100-200 le kar .Although spend money on 5g not in 4g .Redmi UI is worse than others.If you have money buy Samsung f14 5g and potronics charger and type c cable.If you are broke then go for it . This is not bad.A/C to price this is the best phone so far.
You can't buy any better phone that has all basic necessities like dedicated sim slots, 3.5 mm jack, very premium finish.
Very good 👍
Nice running after 3 months of purchase
Satisfied
Pasand hai
Slow proceser .. touch is also not responsive quick . It is just ok mobile for lite work only
Average performance.
its good picyure clarity is good its worth it
Like
Okay for the price. Am feeling good.
THE VOLUME OF RECEIVING CALLS IS VERY LOW IN THE SET. MAY BE VOLUME CONTROL FAULTS
Nice quality
Features are good as per price. Worth buying
I liked the product but it reached 1 day later as per the given date as I had selected the fast delivery option by paying 99₹ extra but it reached on 24 July..so it's not acceptable... that's the only issue otherwise satisfied with the product.
The phone is good but comes soon with a HyperOS update. The problem is that MI hasn't implemented the update properly leading to an unstable OS or something that doesn't sync
Recieved like new one.
good
Thanks
Very good
Good
Camera quality good for this price .battery life good .looking good .
Good looking and value for money
Good
Overall well performance
Amazing product 😍
Good camera quality, other functionality are good also,
Charging slow 3hr me 100 %Camera rear wala mast haiSound quality thik haiPhone ka look accha hai
Very Good
Affordable, low budget me thik hai, jyada sochana nhi hai
Good
But the delivery partner was rude
Touch is not that good
Good camera
The video showcases the product in use.The video guides you through product setup.The video compares multiple products.The video shows the product being unpacked.Video Player is loading.Play VideoPlayMuteCurrent Time0:00/Duration0:02Loaded:100.00%0:00Stream TypeLIVESeek to live, currently behind liveLIVERemaining Time-0:021xPlayback RateChaptersChaptersDescriptionsdescriptions off, selectedCaptionscaptions off, selectedEnglish (Automated)Audio Trackdefault, selectedFullscreenThis is a modal window.Very nice
Value for money. Best budget phone. Good quality camera
The mobile phone is of Good quality. I am satisfied.
The large battery capacity provides long-lasting use, which is a significant advantage. The camera performance may not be up to par with more expensive smartphones, especially in low light.
Good
Ok
Nice
Product quality good.Charging not upto mark.Memory good.RAM sufficient.Internet connectivity good.Quiet heat wave.
Gud product
Purchase this product because it's sufficient for used
Hang hona suru ho gya 2 month me hi ....
Really good phone, exceeded my expectations ✌️
Screen quality is nice and a perfect buy for the elders.
Very good
Best
Good product best price.On time delivary...
Features are good.
Good product
Best Mobile...Camera Quality Excellent...All features are Excellent...Thanks...MiThanks Amazon Team.
I like this product
Good
Good
It is good but laggy it is not designed for gaming
Nice mobile🤔
It's my first mobile from xiomi for my mother for basic call,Fbook,utube. I am totally frustrated.very first day it's hang,fm app not closing, all third grade app  install even can't open phone without watching app add. Whenever u click it's first showing add. So don't purchase it.
Value for money
Good
Good product. Value for money.
